  readme.txt

  By Ross Ridge
  Public Domain

  Readme file for MySC.

  @(#) MySC readme.tx 1.4 93/12/30 19:44:24


This package is an BETA release of MySC, a set of utilities for
providing version control.  It is designed to be compatible with the
Source Code Control System (SCCS), a standard part of the development
system of many Unix variants.  The commands in this package provide
similar interface and use the same file format as the standard SCCS
commands.  MySC is not intended as replacement for SCCS, these
utilities were written so that SCCS version control could be used on
systems that do not have SCCS.  The only significant advantage the
MySC commands offer over SCCS is an optional feature for filename
guessing similar to that used by RCS.

MySC is written in C++ and currently only supports Unix and MS-DOS
operating systems.  So far only it has only been tested with MS-DOS
5.0 (Borland C++ 3.1, DJGPP 1.10), SLS Linux 1.02 (GNU C++ 2.4.5) and
SCO Xenix 2.3.1 (GNU C++ 2.4.5).  With GNU C++ 2.4.5 this package
should compile on other Unix variants without much difficulty.
Because of the many different ways C++ compilers interpret the C++
language, using other compilers will likely be more difficult.
  
SCCS commands implemented this package are: admin, cdc, delta, get,
prs, rmdel, sact, unget, and what.  Not all options and capabilities
of the commands have been implemented yet, and the comb, sccsdiff, val
and vc commands are not provided at all.

The utilities use getopt-like command line argument parsing which
differs from how the standard SCCS commands parse commands line
arguments.  The key difference is that command line options that take
arguments can be specified with or without a space (eg.  "-r1.3" or
"-r 1.3").  A side effect of this is that if an option that can take
argument, it must take an argument.  Where supplying an empty argument
for an option of a standard SCCS command is meaningful, the
corresponding MySC command provides an additional option that does not
take any arguments and has the same option letter but in upper case
(eg. use "delta -Y" instead of "delta -y").

Unimplemented features include the null delta flag (admin -fn),
consistency checking (admin -h), ignored deltas (delta -g), printing
the differences after a delta (delta -p), l-files (get -l), getting
the most recent delta of a release (get -t), and getting a delta by
sequence number (get -a).  Some features like including and excluding
deltas (get -i -x) have been implemented but not extensively tested.

See the file INSTALL for information on how to compile the MySC
utilities.  Send any questions or bug reports by e-mail to
"ross@utopia.druid.com".
